(lib/text/info)

[Note: Further information can be gained on the capitalized words by using the
HELP-command]

Classes, Skills, and Guilds:

When you enter the game the first time, you are asked to select a class;
either MAGICIAN, PRIEST, THIEF or WARRIOR.  Characters belonging to each of
these classes have their own qualities, abilities, and handicaps.

It is not unusual that people belonging to different classes, by joining their
efforts and combining their skills, find their chances of survival and
progress greatly improved.  Indeed, a team consisting of members from all four
classes can be an extremely powerful unit; capable of opening doors without
keys, creating food supplies out of nothing, and destroying an enemy in
several different ways.  It is not advisable for a new player to offend the
members of such a group!

In order to learn the tricks of your specific trade, you need to find your
GUILD, which may take a little exploring.  However, you can usually find a
guild in any reasonably populated settlement.  Once you've found it, you need
to look up your guildmaster and PRACTICE.

Equipment:

It is never wise to travel without the proper equipment.  You may purchase
this in the SHOPS found in any larger settlement, or you may be lucky and find
some left around, dropped by someone who doesn't need it anymore, for one
reason or another.

About Staying Fit - Eating and Drinking:

At one time or another, you'll see the message "You are hungry".  This means
that it's time to find something edible before too long.  People don't starve
to death in this world, so have no fear.  However, when you are hungry, you do
not build up lost energy, so eventually you'll be unable to do anything but
sit around and feel sorry for yourself, until someone comes by.  Then, you can
only hope that it's a benevolent person, rather than a greedy thief or a
warrior lusting for blood.

General Hints:

 See help on the group command.
 See help on the consider command.
 See help on resting.
 See help on your class (magician, priest, thief or warrior). 
 
 See Also: HELP
